INSTALLING META as Docker container image

START FROM SCRATCH:

This section describes how to get started with a Raspbian PI, fresh out of the box.
Some steps may be optional for you when you;ve bought a Raspberry PI with and SDCard that already contains Raspbian OS (operating system).

1) Download Raspbian image and an appropriate installer from https://www.raspberrypi.org/software/ 
2) Run the installer as described on https://www.raspberrypi.org/software/ and write the correct image to the SD-card. If you are asked for desktop or PI OS Lite, both are fine, but we suggest to use PI OS Lite.
3) Before ejecting the SDCard from your computer, open a command promp (terminal under Linux), then create an empty file called ssh in the root of the partition named boot (on the SDCard).
4) Eject the SDCard safely and put it in the Raspberry Pi (RPi).
5) You can now either login locally (connecting a monitor and keyboard to the RPi) or through a remote session from your own computer.
   a) Locally: login at the login prompt with user pi and password raspberry
   b) Find out the ip-address of your RPi: connect to your router and find out the address from there.. Or use an IP-scanner; alternatives enough. 
      Then connect remotely with the pi like this "ssh <ip-address of pi>  -l pi 
6) This would be a good time to change the default password of the user named pi: just type passwd, then you will be asked to enter the current password, then type in a new one and once again to verify it.
7) Now it's time to do some real work, installing docker. This is described in https://phoenixnap.com/kb/docker-on-raspberry-pi. Follow the instructions over there just as they are presented, don't experiment with them.
   Please note: you have to add the user pi to the group docker (as told on this site), then logout and login again.
8) Once that's done, you can get the meta-image created on your docker host. Type curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jac459/neeo2021onward/main/Docker/Raspberry_Pi/Dockerfile -o Dockerfile 
9) You can now start to create a Docker image by this command "docker build -t meta:1 ." (without the quotes). Depending on the speed of your RPi, that may take up to 30 minutes; we're working on getting an image available that can be downloaded directly.
10) If the build process ends with  